well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
three seemingly unconnected stories
a newspaper article a recent newspaper
article
and uh hopefully shed some light
on whether or not things are the way
they're being framed by some
because it may not be but before we get
into the stories
let's get some basic concepts set
why does coca-cola rule the world why
can you get coca-cola pretty much
anywhere
now you can talk about their business
practices but that's not actually what
i'm getting at
i'm getting at the fact that they have a
product that people want
and the infrastructure to get it there
it's
really that simple when you when you
really kind of break it down
i don't know if y'all know this but i
used to review equipment
um outdoor equipment stuff like that
had a knife sent to me once and when i
opened the box it was broke
that's a really bad sign if it can't
stand up to shipping
it's not going to stand up to outdoor
use no not for real
a couple months later i wanted to do do
something kind of showcasing the idea
that
cost doesn't always equate to value
in this particular industry because a
lot of times people buy this stuff for
emergencies
they never actually use it they put it
in the bag and it stays there
so i wanted to showcase that so i wanted
that particular knife
because i had heard from other people
that it fell apart really easily
looked online called around could not
find
a vendor selling it the only place i
could get it was from the manufacturer
and they had recently stopped producing
it
because the vendors wouldn't carry it
because it fell apart really easily
makes sense
there was a beverage company not not
coca-cola
but a lot like them they had their own
trucks and everything
and they had a deal with a company that
made energy drinks
they'd deliver their products to the
stores and all that stuff
they found out that the energy drink
company
was using well let's just say
not great ingredients
so the beverage company did the
responsible thing stop delivering it
makes sense
had to write a paper once and in order
to write this paper i had to read
a pretty controversial book somebody's
diaries
i walk into this bookstore and
i know it's not going to be on the
shelves but i figured they'd order it
for me
i walk up to the desk and i ask them and
if you're familiar if you can guess what
book i'm talking about
me looking like me asking for that book
definitely got
some side eyes and i asked him to order
it and they're like no
and it wasn't even just like you know no
we're not going to order that it was
kind of like no
get out you know fair enough
they don't want to be associated with it
which makes sense because
it's it's kind of garbage um
all of that's normal all of that
is normal the nobody that is like a
right wing
you know the market decides type of
person is going to have a problem with
any of that
that's normal nobody's going to complain
doesn't send up any red flags it's
normal
it's always entertaining to me
to watch the the market will decide
people turn into straight commies
the second the conversation turns to
social media
or their ideas with everything else
oh the market decides but when it comes
to their poor ideas
well they want welfare they want
somebody to provide the infrastructure
for them
they want somebody to promote their bad
ideas
that article that had the volume turned
down on it
by a couple of social media giants
people are framing that as if it's some
form of censorship
and that they're stopping criticism of
biden
go to either one of those platforms and
criticize by
or better yet look for articles that are
far more critical of biden than that one
that's probably not it that didn't even
make sense it doesn't it doesn't hold up
the idea that they're censoring it for
that reason
they even allow articles talking about
that article
on it just not that article
it's interesting maybe
it has bad ingredients
maybe it falls apart real easily maybe
it's garbage
maybe they were warned that one of the
people involved in getting this
information
had been targeted for a disinformation
campaign
because the white house knew why
wouldn't these social media giants know
there's something specific to that
article
it's not stopping criticism abide
now i know the idea is free speech and
all that
free speech means you're allowed to say
whatever you want within
the parameters of a healthy society
doesn't mean that somebody has to give
you a microphone or a megaphone or put
you on a stage
or promote your work on their platform
it's not what it means nobody has to
provide
the infrastructure for your product
that's up to you
at the end of the day
nobody owes bad ideas
bad information a social safety net
nobody needs to provide welfare to bad
ideas
the market decided we don't want them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day